Team Hallelujah
Members: Peter Brink, Sam Visser, Clive Amoh, Kyle Houston, Yigit Turan, Yigit Tufan

College students often struggle to understand challenging course material when the lectures from professors or available tutoring resources fall short. Many of them turn to the school’s tutoring system, only to find that it lacks sufficient support for specific courses or the lack of availability of flexible hours. TutorsHub addresses these needs by connecting students seeking assistance with peers who are happy to share their knowledge and passion for their subjects. By providing a platform where students can easily find and hire tutors, we plan to create a supportive environment that enables effective learning.
Unlike standard tutoring systems, which can be limited and rigid, TutorsHub operates on a peer-to-peer principle. Our platform allows students to become tutors, where they can earn money while helping others succeed in courses they’ve shown good success in. This crowdsourced approach increases the availability of tutoring options across a wide range of classes. On top of that, we also intend to add a rating/review system where students can rate tutors and write reviews which both increases the trustability of tutors and keeps everything dynamic. With TutorsHub, students gain access to personalized support from fellow learners who understand their challenges, making the learning experience more relevant and effective.
Join us at TutorsHub, where we make learning easy, simple and provide the opportunity to earn some money on the side.

